Review 2025 (#149)
C2SM/git-course: advanced/Exercise_6_git-cherry-pick.md

Let's add a couple of commits to this branch.

Add a keynote speech to the schedule for day 1. You can use a file editor to open the file, or you can use a command-line tool to modify the file. The following are examples using the `sed` command line tool, which were tested on Linux, but may not work on other platforms. If you use the `sed` command line tool, make sure the changes have been added to the files.

```plaintext

> sed -i '/^Daily/a 08:00-09:00: Keynote speech' schedule_day1.txt

Reviewer: Was this a problem?

Reviewer: Same for the other commands below.

Author: The `sed` stuff often doesn't work the same way on different systems. Also I thought it's better when the participants have to do things themselves and not just copy-paste things.

Reviewer 2: The default `sed` is diffent on Linux and Mac: https://daoyuan.li/a-normal-sed-on-mac/

Reviewer: Ok, then let's just remove it where not necessary.

> - Add a keynote speech to the schedule for day 1. Therefore, use a file editor (e.g. [Vim](../Unix_Commands.md#basic-vim-commands)) to open *schedule_day1.txt* in the *conference_planning* folder your are currently in and add a keynote speech from 08:00-09:00 to the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a keynote speech to the schedule for day 1. To this end, use a file editor (e.g. [Vim](../Unix_Commands.md#basic-vim-commands)) to open *schedule_day1.txt* in the *conference_planning* folder your are currently in and add a keynote speech from 08:00-09:00 to the schedule.
```

Author: Okay, you really not like "therefore" ;-)
